•	Define:
o	Primary Key: 
	Primary key is selected for unique identification of tuple from table which doesn’t have duplicate values. 
o	Foreign key:
	Foreign key is used to establish connection between 2 tables and it is a primary key of another table 
o	Candidate key
	Combination of 1 or more attributes which is used to identify record/tuple uniquely.
o	Composite key
	Set of more than 1 attributes which identifies tuple uniqueness.
o	Super key
	Super key is a super set of candidate keys.
o	Key
	It is an attribute which identifies record or tuple uniquely.
o	Alternate Key
	Remaining candidate keys other than primary key.
o	Constraints
	Constraints is a rule enforced on data being added into the tables.
•	What is normalization? What are the forms of normalization?
	Normalization is a database design technique that reduces data redundancy and ensures that data stored logically.
•	Types of commands?
	There are 5 types of commands: DDL (Data Definition Language)
					      DML (Data manipulation language) 
					      DQL (Data Query Language)
					      DCL (Data Control Language)
					      TCL (Transaction control language)
	
•	Having clause
	Having clause is same like where clause but the difference between having and where is having clause can also work with an aggregate function.
•	What are Constraints in SQL? Explain each.
	Constraints is a rule set on table to enforced data being added to the tables.
	There are few constraints like: 
		UNIQUE:
			Ensures that all values in a column should be unique.
		AUTO_INCREAMENT:
			Auto_increment is a constraint that automatically generate a unique number then a new record is inserted into a table.
		NOT NULL:
			Ensures that there are no null values in the column.
		PRIMARY KEY:
			A combination of not null and unique constraint and it is a key to identifies each row in the table uniquely.
		DEFAULT:
			Set a default value for a column if no value is specified.			LIMIT:
			Fetch limited data from the tables or how many rows you 			want from the table.
•	What is a Join? List its different types
	Cross join:
		Get all the records from both tables.
	Inner join:
		Get all the matching values from both the tables.
	Left Outer join:
		Get all values from left table and matching values from right table.
	Right outer join:
		Get all values from right table and matching values from the left table
	Full Outer join:
		Get all + matching values from both tables.
	Self-Join:
		Self-join is a regular join, but the table joined with itself
•	What is a Self-Join?
	Self-join is a regular join, but the table joined with itself
•	What is a Cross-Join?
	Get all the records from both tables.
•	What to use when output of 2 queries has to be displayed as a single result?
	UNION.
•	Display the details of employee having highest salary.
	Using sub-query:
		Select* from employee where salary = (select max(salary)from emp);
	Using limit clause:
		select * from employee order by salary desc limit 1;
•	Display the details of employee having second highest salary.
	select * from employee order by salary desc limit 1,1;
•	List the different types of relationships in SQL
	One to one;
	One to many;
	Many to one;
	Many to many;
•	What is an Alias in SQL?
	Aliases is the temporary name to table and columns.
•	What are the TRUNCATE, DELETE and DROP statements?
	Drop:
		Drop is used to delete database, table along with data.
	Delete:
		Delete the selected data from the table using where clause.
	Truncate:
		Truncate deletes all the data from tables but not the table.
•	What is the difference between DROP and TRUNCATE statements?
	Drop is used to delete database as well as table along with the data.
	--------------------------------------------||---------------------------------------------
	Truncate is used to delete all the data from the tables but not the table.
  
•	What is the difference between DELETE and TRUNCATE statements?
	Delete the selected data from the table using where clause.
	--------------------------------------------||---------------------------------------------
	Truncate is used to delete all the data from the tables but not the table.


•	What are Aggregate and Scalar functions?
	Aggregate functions are used to do operations from the values of the column and a single value is returned.
					And
	A scalar function receives a single value for each argument and returns a single-value result.
•	Tell me about Limit keyword
	Limit keyword is used to get limited data rows from the table.
•	Tell me about Distinct keyword
	Get only unique values from the column without redundancy.





